Added instructions for committing to submodules (#179)
lf-lang/lf-lang.github.io: packages/documentation/copy/en/developer/Downloading and Building.md

git submodule update --init --recursive
```

> If you plan to commit to submodules, then you will likely want to change the submodule repos to use ssh rather than https. For example, to simplify committing to `reactor-c`, you can do this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Submodules are checked out over HTTPS by default. In case you want to commit to a submodule and use SSH instead, you can simply change the remote. For example, to change the remote of the `reactor-c` submodule, you can do this:
```
